---
layout: weekly
title: Week 23
category: weekly
---

---
### Central Banks / Economy

---
### Debt and Credit

---
### Gold

---
### Currency

---
### Real Estate

---
### Trading and Investment

[FT: US Treasury sell-off becomes crowded trade](
https://www.ft.com/content/772db971-75fc-4d02-afa4-95b289b5c4be)

[ZH: The Staggering "Powell Bubble" In Just One Amazing Chart](
https://www.zerohedge.com/markets/staggering-powell-bubble-just-one-amazing-chart)

THis ZH post had an interesting reference to Powell's speech in FOMC minutes
back in Oct 2012.

> He's absolutely right, but that "something" won't give without an existential fight from the Fed's Powell: while we excerpted from his comments above, below is all one needs to know courtesy of the Oct 2012 FOMC Minutes, in which Powell explained precisely what is going on:

> The market in most cases will cheer us for doing more. It will never be enough for the market. Our models will always tell us that we are helping the economy, and I will probably always feel that those benefits are overestimated. And we will be able to tell ourselves that market function is not impaired and that inflation expectations are under control. What is to stop us, other than much faster economic growth, which it is probably not in our power to produce?

> I think we are actually at a point of encouraging risk-taking, and that should give us pause. Investors really do understand now that we will be there to prevent serious losses. It is not that it is easy for them to make money but that they have every incentive to take more risk, and they are doing so. Meanwhile, we look like we are blowing a fixed-income duration bubble right across the credit spectrum that will result in big losses when rates come up down the road. You can almost say that that is our strategy.


---
### Capital Market

---
### China

---
### Others

---
### Miscellaneous

---
### Prediction Book
